README.md, before:

# LEARN ENT

This is repository is not only learning about Ent ORM but also gRPC, gRPC gateway and more things. It will be implement by owner idea to know more a bout go world.

## How to run

```bash
# Default was auto set -logtostderr=true -v=2
go run cmd/userapis/user/v1/server/server.go
go run cmd/authapis/auth/v1/server/server.go

# Log to stderr, file and using version 2
go run cmd/userapis/user/v1/server/server.go -v=2 -alsologtostderr=1 -log_dir=log

# Log only stderr and using version 2
go run cmd/userapis/user/v1/server/server.go -logtostderr=true -v=2
```

## Todos

Implement validate user credential on User service

Re-Implement validate conditions on Auth service to use token to call verify method

## Bugs
P1: Implement authentication between service User and Auth but it take to much time (1 - 4 second) to verify each other.

## Resolve
P1: Using http handler (grpcHandlerFunc) to handle connection instead of running gRPC server.
- We make everything more easier if we use TLS instead of WithInsecure.
- If use TLS, we don't need to implement HTTP handler (grpcHandlerFunc) to check if request is HTTP or gRPC and the speed is same as use grpcHandlerFunc.

## Handle errors

[use of closed network connection](https://github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/issues/727)

[Bug P1](https://github.com/philips/grpc-gateway-example/issues/22#issuecomment-490733965)

Commit message:

Add Item service without list API

README.md, after:

# LEARN ENT

This is repository is not only learning about Ent ORM but also gRPC, gRPC gateway and more things. It will be implement by owner idea to know more about go world.

## How to run

```bash
# Using docker to setup env
docker-compose up -d

# Cleanup after done
docker-compose rm -sfv

# Default was auto set -logtostderr=true -v=2
go run cmd/userapis/user/v1/server/server.go
go run cmd/authapis/auth/v1/server/server.go
go run cmd/itemapis/item/v1/server/server.go

# Log to stderr, file and using version 2
go run cmd/userapis/user/v1/server/server.go -v=2 -alsologtostderr=1 -log_dir=log

# Log only stderr and using version 2
go run cmd/userapis/user/v1/server/server.go -logtostderr=true -v=2
```

## Todos

Implement validate user credential on User service

Re-Implement validate conditions on Auth service to use token to call verify method

## Bugs
P1: Implement authentication between service User and Auth but it take to much time (1 - 4 second) to verify each other.

## Resolves
P1: Using http handler (grpcHandlerFunc) to handle connection instead of running gRPC server.
- We make everything more easier if we use TLS instead of WithInsecure.
- If use TLS, we don't need to implement HTTP handler (grpcHandlerFunc) to check if request is HTTP or gRPC and the speed is same as use grpcHandlerFunc.

## Handle errors

[use of closed network connection](https://github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/issues/727)

[Bug P1](https://github.com/philips/grpc-gateway-example/issues/22#issuecomment-490733965)
